Natural Language Processing (NLP) makes it possible for computers to understand the human language. Behind the scenes, NLP analyzes the grammatical structure of sentences and the individual meaning of words, then uses algorithms to extract meaning and deliver outputs. In other words, it makes sense of human language so that it can automatically perform different tasks.
A Machine Learning Project using Natural Language Processing(NLP) which can help computers analyze text easily, NLP tasks are headed in understanding human language.Probably, the most popular examples of NLP in action are virtual assistants, like Google Assist, Siri, and Alexa. NLP understands written and spoken text like “Hey Siri, where is the nearest gas station?” and transforms it into numbers, making it easy for machines to understand.In this project we have used it for analyzing the reviews of the customers in the restaurant are approving or disapproving.

This project uses NLTK module which is a popular open-source package in Python. Rather than building all tools from scratch, NLTK provides all common NLP Tasks.Also it includes RE module which is a regular expression (or RE) module that specifies a set of strings that matches it; the functions in this module let you check if a particular string matches a given regular expression The dataset taken in this project is a tab-separated values (TSV) file which is a simple text format for storing data in a tabular structure, e.g. database table or spreadsheet data and a way of exchanging information between databases.Each record in the table is one line of the text file. Each field value of a record is separated from the next by a tab character. The TSV format is thus a type of the more general delimiter-separated values format.

In this project we first created a Corpus i.e. bag of words model using NLP i.e. by using NLTK and Re module. Then we created our classifier using naive bayes Machine learning Algorithm to predict the probability if the reviews are affirmative or disapproving.
 The Accuracy in this code ia around 73% which is better. 
